this is part for my to me athe
conversion to a Tamiya top force chassis
so I just finished putting everything
together I took it out for a test run
and outside of racing I have to say this
is probably the most fun I've had with
an RC car in quite a long time so a few
comments first the steering system that
I got it has a little bit of slop I
think maybe I need to size up on the
bearings a little bit there's a little
play between the housing here and the
bearings themselves so especially on the
right hand side wheel there's a fair
amount of slop so I have to work on that
maybe that's permanent maybe it's not
we'll see how much I can take out for
the shocks I just want to mention I used
15 millimeters spacing on the front
shock collar and a 13 millimeter spacing
on the rear because in the stock setting
it's a little too soft so I just tried
to stiffen it up a little bit the other
thing is when I took it out for a run
one of the top screws here came out and
the other one is loose and the thing is
on the bottom here you screw into this
kind of a nut if you're familiar with
Tamiya chassis you may be familiar with
this type of nut is not a lock nut it's
just a standard nut and I didn't use any
thread lock or anything because I want
to be able to take this off if I need to
so these do come loose fairly easily so
I just have to figure out a maybe a
better way of fastening the back part of
this top plate on to the chassis but
otherwise it held together really well
oh another thing to point out the rear
stabilizer this ball joint here when the
suspension compresses it can if it
compresses enough that ball joint can
hit the motor ever so slightly so maybe
use a ball joint that's a little shorter
or something or just eliminated all
together I didn't notice any problems
with it when I was when I was driving
though
let's see the gearing that I'm using
here is a 74 tooth spur gear with a 19-2
thing 4000 kV motor with that gearing
and setup and with these tires these Pro
Line Road hogs this thing can actually
pull wheelies now running gear discs
front and rear so there's no slippage of
any baldest but this will pull wheelies
if you go full throttle from a dead
stock so that's kind of cool I'm using
the Eternity track star 100 amp ESC it
took a little bit of time to get this
calibrated because the instructions tell
you to go through a certain sequence and
it just takes a couple of tries and
eventually figure out how to actually
make it work but I did manage to get
this calibrated with my exes that has a
spectrum module on it
some people had commented that they
could not get their track stars
calibrated with a spectrum type of
system but I managed to get it to work
let's see what else do I want to point
out I don't know it was just a lot of
fun the suspension setup the way it is
it does the the outside rear wheel can
sort of pick up a little bit when you're
when you're cornering so that's kind of
fun I guess
the steering again is a little sloppy I
have to work on that but this is the
final product and I think it works great
for the most part still a little bit
weak here and there but I would say this
is pretty much done so I hope you
enjoyed this series of build videos on
how to convert ETA o2 to a top force
it's not that difficult to do most of
the parts are inter compatible you just
have to get the top force chassis plate
the J parts the longer driveshaft and
everything else pretty much works out so
that's it and I will soon be moving on
to other projects Assis